I would like to use Claude Code to do a very large and complex project. It would be a wiki of open source translations, where people are free to register accounts and either edit or endorse translations to classical and mediaeval texts that are AI generated. This would be a wiki format, with a public history of edits. Translations can be of books, plays, essays, and so on. The translations would be interlinear columnar, akin to the Columbia Digital Dante project, where the left side would have the original urtext and the right side would have the translation, where translations can be matched chapter by chapter. For now, I intend to mostly host texts in Koine Greek, Latin and Classical Chinese. Every chapter of a longer text would be its own page of two columns, and the longer text will have an index or table of contents. Then the texts as a whole will have several main ways of being categorised, by an alphabetical list of titles, and authors, that is again categorised by language. This wiki will then be hosted as a website on the internet.

This is obviously a complex task, so advise me how to do this step by step. How should this website be hosted, and what code is needed for it to be created? Are there open source wiki templates that we could use? What Claude Code features should I use? Where should the urtexts be obtained, for example from wikisource? Should I have subagents that coordinate things like website creation, deployment and also the translation of the text itself? What is the estimated cost? 

There is truly already a tremendous number of translations of the Tao Te Ching. We should instead be translating the Zhu Zi Yu Lei and the The Order/Rituals of the Palace of Emperor Constantine VII. These are my two initial example texts, so one of the subagents may need to be to retrieve them etches from ctext.org API and Internet Archive. Also, how does Claude Code coordinate subagents for such a complex task? Before I host this, how should I store it, and what should go into the git repo.

Produce a truly detailed and comprehensive plan and CLAUDE.md with a list of steps to guide me through this meaningful and difficult endeavour, searching diligently for resources available to us to accomplish this.